{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red253\green139\blue9;\red255\green255\blue255;\red246\green255\blue27;
\red189\green0\blue255;\red36\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue37;\red157\green0\blue222;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c61456\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;\cssrgb\c97054\c100000\c12397;
\cssrgb\c79900\c13904\c100000;\cssrgb\c4983\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c18056;\cssrgb\c68591\c7835\c89602;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29720\viewh16000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 video screen in center stage with cloth over it\
prep some cinderblocks and adornments (could be just flowers)\
place some anthropomorphic objects standing around\
instruments: voices, violin, viola, drone synth, found percussion, matt\'92s computer & keyboard\
tech: stereo quarter inch out for computer, one more for drone synth, 4 mics\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 vocal hocket loop (matt)\cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b0 \cf6 read sentences calmly & overlappingly all at once, chosen semi randomly moving down list, feel free to adlib (matt, zhanna,  brooks)
\f1\i0\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 You look so pretty today.  I love your haircut.\
\
That song you played was so good - I love the chords.  Did you write those chords yourself?\
\
It feels like we haven\'92t seen each other in so long.\
\
I really like your haircut a lot.  \
\
I thought you were going camping today?\
\
I wish I could sing like you, I used to be able to sing like that when I was younger.\
\
You\'92re so funny - how do you come up with all these jokes?\
\
Do you guys recycle here?  Where\'92s the recycling?\
\
I thought it was supposed to rain today.\
\
You\'92re really cute\'85 I bet people tell you that all the time.\
\
I hope the bathroom is free soon, I really need to go bad.\
\
Is this even recyclable?\
\
It\'92s gonna rain in 23 minutes.\
\
I\'92ve had oatmeal for breakfast like every day this week, it doesn\'92t really fill me up anymore.\
\
I\'92m so bad at cooking.\
\
I really need to get to bed early today.  I\'92ve been staying up late looking at islands on Google Maps.\
\
I think people treat me differently because they don\'92t understand my conditions.\
\
I\'92m so tired\
\
Do you know anyone here?\
\
This room is so big.\
\
Nobody likes you very much.\
\
I can\'92t be here any more.\
\
There\'92s too many people here. I can\'92t be here anymore.\
\
Goodbye now. \
\
I guess see you later\'85\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b0 \cf5 fade out hocket loop\
underwater piano starts (matt)\
optional viola (margin)\cf7 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 liquidy video on a screen with a cloth placed over it\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf6 singing with pre-written melody (matt & sara)
\f1\i0\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 it\'92s so clear, i\'92m not listening
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 Im asleep in a big green pond\
Still\
pearlescent \
There\'92s a little poison in the water, \
\'93but according to studies concentrations should not be dangerous\'94\
\
hypnic jerks disturb the thick calm\
the wave softens and retreats
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 I am held with the smallest freedom of motion\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf8 viola out\
\'93come home\'94 singing loop (matt & sara)\
some synth notes under it (matt)\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 stack the cinderblocks to create a structure\
lay anthropomorphic objects in repose in the holes of the cinderblocks
\f2\i0 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf6 read calmly & meditatively at a steady pace (zhanna)
\f2\i0 \cf0 \
Like climbing into glycerin\
Under a tree whose sap is molten glass\
Poured in time lapse onto an action figure \
Under a floating caption on instagram reels\
Being watched by a middle aged man\
In a cold bed prepared by strangers\
Cuddled up next to a metal screen under a silent white sheet\
The corners stick into your stomach\
It\'92s not comfortable but doesn\'92t quite hurt\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf8 synth chords (matt)\
turn on the effects, slowly ride up the lfo depth
\f2\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b0 \cf2 \cb3 video is revealed slowly shifts/glitches
\f1\i0\b \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b0 \cf6 read calmly & meditatively at a steady pace (brooks)
\f1\i0\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 A door creaks and slowly closes\
You, behind me, speak a language i dont recognize\
You cry in my arms and where your tears land my skin burns and one-cent coins form\
When we have enough, we buy burger king ice cream for a dollar and split a small fries\
You dip the fries in the ice cream and I say it's gross & don't really mean it\
We stare at the glowing console of your car while the landscape flies by\
We speed up and speed up\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf8 max lfo depth, add redux, play synth and mess with phase (matt)
\f2\i0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf6 with more frustrated detachment (zhanna)
\f2\i0 \cf0 \
We talk to each other like therapists leaving out the details of our personal lives\
Like prisoners fearing retribution\
We look at each other like marbles across a carpet, \
patterned deep and lost in ourselves, unable to will our own movement\
We stay together joylessly for cheaper rent\
We scream & plastic scraps fly from our throats into the ocean\
We destroy ourselves with every word and conscious action\
& something in the air stays intolerably alive\
between the words & gestures\
Heavy, full, and invisible \
a hidden power charged up\
like a car battery in a dump\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf8 add in reverb\
drone synth enter (amanda)
\f2\i0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf6 poetically, medium tempo, felt strongly but not hamming it up (brooks)
\f2\i0 \cf0 \
There is nothing left to say\
Everything is clear & in front of you\
Coming through you like electricity\
Industrial voltage coursing through a soft soft body \
A wet mushy dance in delicate rhythm\
Still pulsing away after the thunder has struck\
We can take so much\
We can stop bullets\
We can survive wars\
We can heal bruises and burns \
We can take so much\
Can only take so much\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf8 enter percussion very metronomic and huge (django & sara)\cf4 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 adorn the structure with flowers or drawings\
solid red color on screen, slowly fades to a shifting pinkish
\f2\i0 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b0 \cf6 read - you decide who & how (zhanna & brooks)
\f1\i0\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0 \cf0 Is love an endless maze?  \
If not, what am I lost in?  \
Where am I going?  \
Why do I only think in questions?  \
& why don\'92t anyone\'92s answers ever make sense?  \
& why do I still listen?  \
& why doesn\'92t anyone understand?\
why doesn\'92t anyone help? \
\
Who needs me like this?  \
Who wants me like this? \
Why am I here and why am I like this?\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf8 all effects off, percussion off, drone synth off\
violin & viola only (amanda & margin), long held notes on viola and improv on violin
\f2\i0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf6 read (matt)
\f2\i0 \cf0 \
I let go of everything\
I become a conduit, a throat for the world to sing and scream through.  \
I want more and more and nothing's ever enough and I want to feel like nothing's ever enough, and I can never capture you in my mind's grasp.\
Like a child made king by an untimely death, making rulings o foreign policy, thinking he knows what he's doing because wise men have trained him.\
the further we go, the longer I live the intrepid captain of the desert, exploring where man suspects he cannot survive, but in some secret corner believes he can.\
You say goodbye\
You look me in the eye and pelicans flower from your pupils and swallow me.  \
I go willingly. \
I am suddenly not afraid, though nothing has changed, not really.\
\
\
\
}